New module: s3-enc (#326)
fpco/terraform-aws-foundation: modules/encrypted-s3-bucket-reader/README.md

# s3-enc

> This module provided a server encryption enabled S3 bucket, and necessary policies attached to provided roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides an IAM policy and role attachment that grants access to KMS keys and read permissions for a specific encrypted S3 bucket.
```
